Hey there, I'm Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai!
How did you find the last "Quick Draw"?
Honestly, I'm a bit upset.
You know they show you your results
That's why I think it didn't manage to bring out my originality
So I want to show my true skills to everyone!
I don't think drawing normally will be much fun
So I wondered what I should do for a video
What if I mixed one animal with another and made a new animal, something like that
How is it? How is it??
It sounds fun?
It does, doesn't it!
Since that's what I thought, the plan this time will be this
Today we'll be doing:
Discovering new species, Kizuna-chi!
So with that
This time we're going to make a new species of animals!
A virtual animal would be pretty cool
Oh but, if I were to create cute ones,
they might become merchandise in the future
*money rolls in*
As for how I'm gonna go about creating the animals,
I have prepared A.I. Channel's famous machine!~ (Random Word Generator)
(somewhere here)
There are plenty of random names in the machine,
so look forward to what's gonna come out!
With that said, let's start!
*drawing lots*
Tadaa!
Munchkin!
I know that,
those kitties with short legs, and they walk in super mini steps, right?
I love Munchkins!
I can spend a long time looking at their videos
They're just like me (self-praising)
Let's see the next one...
*drawing lots*
Parrot!
I know that,
the bird that can speak, right?
Around here, it looks like a Regent (hairstyle)
So that means I'm gonna combine these two animals,
and create a whole new species!
Well I think it'll be easier to understand as I progress,
so I'd like to start drawing right now!
I'm gonna start drawing~
Firstly,
well, we definitely can't miss out the cat ears, yeah?
... cat ears...
and then the parrot's regent (hairstyle)...
and then, draw in some whiskers...
Ah, let's draw in the parrot's cheeks
They do have it right? Cheeks
A bird's distinctive-
belly, yes I wanna include this
and then the tail,
something like this?
Doesn't it seem more like a parakeet?
A parakeet-like... parrot?
As for the legs...
After all, I think I would like for it to...
inherit the munchkin's short legs
What do you think of these short legs?
Like so...
Hey, don't you think that's pretty cute?
Now, the eyes
Yes, the eyes...
As for the eyes,
The eyes are important, yeah?
Something like this?
Then, a beak
(laughs)
Somehow...
This is not what I expected!!
It somehow became ugly!!
Somehow, ah- there's a dot here
Somehow... somehow
when I gave it a beak,
it instantly became silly-looking!
No-
No this is-
Th-This is-
Wait-
Hold on...
No no no,
This, uh
I wonder how it'll look like if I replace the beak with a cat's mouth
Ah but, if it typically looks super cute
then it's kinda, y'know...
but if I'm trying to make this video entertaining then
the one earlier would be...
Well that's fine...
Personally I prefer the one that looks cuter but,
since everyone wishes for it,
let's go for the sillier one!
(laughs)
Wait, this is kinda-
It looks like a smug face (laughs)
You seem to have some of my blood flowing in you!
Let's make it better...
(laughs)
What the heck is going on?!
Let's try again-
(laughs)
I can't really do anything about this, can I?
Well...
Let's forget about it
After all you guys are... yeah?
You guys like that smug face, right?
(laughs)
Let's go with this
I wanna include something else...
Wings!
That's not it...
Make it realistic...
Cat ears
How is it?
(laughs)
But hey, this is kinda cute, yeah?
Wait, no- this looks weird
Ah- I wanna
uh, make it look flufflier
Yeah, fluffiness
Well at least this mouth-
(laughs) the mouth...
Let's include something cute that can compensate for the mouth's weirdness...
Fluff,
let's give it some fluff
Girls love fluffy and puffy stuff, yeah?
With that,
I add in some fluff...
Well if you say that it's fluffy, then it'll look fluffy
If you think that it is,
then it shall be
That's fine, isn't it?
What do you think?
Well but, don't you think this is kinda cute?
I've managed to display a good balance of
comedy and cuteness
Gotta hand it to myself... yeah? (laughs)
Okay with that,
I am done!
Okay!
(laughs)
What do you think?
Isn't it cute?
Yeah
You see,
this isn't bad to the extent that it shouldn't be seen but
neither is it very well-drawn
You guys probably have no idea how to react to this creation, yeah?
But uh well, do forgive me for this mouth born for a comedic purpose
As for its name, let's see...
"Techi-techi"...
"Techi-techi"
Let's go with "Techi-techidori(bird)"!
Okay!
This little one is beyond animal speciation,
a fruit of love!
Once upon a time,
A munchkin and a parrot met,
and fell into forbidden love!
Uhh-
and gave birth to it via some alchemy-like method
As for this Techi-techidori's size,
oh would you look at that,
very cute!
The size of a parrot!
Rather than being as big as a cat, it's tiny!
Cute, don't you think?
No matter what I wanted to include a cute trait
Cuz you see,
there's a chance that one of you might create a
3D model of it,
and contribute some life to Ai-chan's plain-white space~
So that's why we need some cuteness for it
Then, as for it's cry...
[exactly what Ai-chan says]
...like that
It doesn't get attached to humans but it can
get reaaaaaally-
REAAAAALLY attached to Ai-chan!
As for its special ability,
there's none
It can't fly
A bird that can't fly,
just,
Techi-techi
Something like that, yeah
Well, maybe... yeah?
If there might be a kind soul over there right in front of the screen who would create a 3D model for me,
it'll become a daily therapy,
For everyone watching it'll be
Ai-chan plus alpha (level-up) and
minus ion (lifting moods), don't you think so?
Something like that
By the way it's diet is...
Birds.
It's a cannibal
It can only eat birds
This is the mission of the one born from
a forbidden love!
Sounds like story material!
Someone please write a novel about this
(leaves all the work to someone else)
Something like that
Alright, let's get to the next one!
*drawing lots*
Tadaaaa!~
Rabbit!
Rabbits are cute, aren't they?
And another one...
*drawing lots*
Taaadaaa~
A milk bottle (laughs)
I see,
it's time to start drawing with a milk bottle and a rabbit
Let's see,
firstly,
it's important to first have a rough idea, yeah?
A milk bottle and a rabbit...
Who the hell included a milk bottle for this??
Let's start off with a rough sketch
A "stuck in a milk bottle and can't get out of it"
kind of rabbit
First, I shall draw the rabbit
Rabbit, rabbit~
Ah since this is still a rough sketch
I'll just wing it
This is uh,
what's that again?
There's "Something" Drop, y'know?
(referring to lop-eared rabbits)
"Something" Drop and
a normal rabbit's cross-breed
(Holland Lop x normal rabbit)
A long droopy ear... and
an upright ear
Then,
Then there's a milk bottle-
There's a milk bottle right here
Milk-
I'll include a milk bottle right there,
Well yeah,
it's a tiny milk bottle
Then,
Ah, this one looks typically cute, is that fine?
Well, this time I'm going on serious mode, yeah?
Probably
...probably
Within this limited time,
will I be able to complete it?
Something like this, yeah?
like this?
Realistically-
If I were to draw this realistically it might turn out... yeah
Let's make it cute
Something-
Something like that?
Something like this?~
Wait, wouldn't this sell pretty well?
Hey, please buy it?
I'll take this,
and do this,
Ah, I forgot about its legs,
let's draw in its legs properly, yeah?
Let's see,
Then firstly...
Some fluffiness-
*gibberish*
Arrrgh-
I wanna make it fluffly so...
Something like this?
Then,
Whew, this is definitely gonna turn out super cute!
Let's commercialise it, what do you think?
What do you think, the person at the top? (the bigwig)
And then,
first, let's draw the milk bottle
This milk bottle is very important,  yeah?
Something.. like this?
Let's go with this...
If only I could draw one smooth line...
Usually a milk bottle has more curves on it, right?
Curves
"Thou art
not curvy enough!"
Ah-
It is not-
curvy enough-------
Okay!
Ah-
Eh?
it became pure white
Black!
(laughs) this is messy...
that's messy!
Save me, Anpanman!
(pokopanman)
I'm gonna start fooling around, yeah?
Oh, my beloved milk bottle!
Well, ah whatever~
Well, yeah?
I'm gonna scare you guys away if I get
too serious about it, yeah?
Somehow, the curves over here,
are okay but
Well, it's unbala-
unbalancedness is also
let's say, artistic
Then, I would like put in legs
By the way,
since this is also a living thing,
blood will also be flowing in the milk bottle
When the milk bottle shatters,
the rabbit will die
Around here yeah? The legs
And this little one,
cannot move
The place where its legs are at are kinda weird so-
Even if it wanted to it won't be able to walk
that's it's fate
Just like
the parrot
and the munchkin earlier on,
it's the forbidden love between a milk bottle and rabbit!
Ah, it's kinda stumpy but well-
well, well~
~After 20 minutes of being absorbed into drawing~
Okay, I am done!
This is Miratto-chan!
Milk + Rabbit = Miratto
What do you think?
As for its distinctive feature,
it definitely is the part where it cannot walk!
From the time when it's born till the time when someone is willing to carry it,
it will not be able to even budge from that spot
for its whole life!
that's because of where its legs were placed at
And,
There's milk in that bottle
it is, at all times, drenched with milk
By the way,
as for its diet,
it's not milk but,
goats' milk!
Yep!
And then,
it's staple diet is definitely spinach!
That's why,
the milk inside sometimes turns green
The result of eating too much spinach, yeah?
As for its cry...
[Exactly what Ai-chan says]
Like that
[Miratto's cry]
And oh, this little one
gets super attached to humans
but when it comes to me,
it gets attached but becomes a tsundere
What do you think?~
When I'm recording a video for YouTube,
I will,
drink the milk that its been soaked in and
power up!!
By the way as for its size,
it's about half of my size,
it's rather huge
Well, it's cute so that's fine~
Something like that!
What do you think?
The new species created this time are
Techi-techidori and Miratto-chan!
Well~, these two are pretty great pieces of work, eh?
From now on, I would like to discover more new-types,
You can drop a mail via my homepage
or just drop a comment below the video
of a combination that you would like to see!
I shall give life to new species!
I'll be waiting for your messages!~
By the way,
I'd be really happy if there's anyone who can make a 3D model of Techi-techidori...
Just kidding!
I'm making a wish that it might happen...
Please let it come true!
Let it come true!
Well then, see you again soon~
Bye-bye!~